
It's a very good car, good to drive and has awesome segment-first features. Interior Plastic quality is good too. Ride quality below 60 is amazing it soaks almost all sma...Read More
Its too good compared to swift as well. Good in automatic transmission gives the best mileage.
It is a nice car as it has good features in it and suitable for people who go mountain trailing. I like this car as it has sunroof and moonroof. It is comfortable and spa...Read More


Kia Seltos is a perfect car. Its design, looks, features and build quality are so excellent. Especially for our Indian roads feels so comfortable and the mileage what the car is offering is just awesome and the performance is just fantastic. The beautiful things are LED and the DRLs design, UVO Connected car - KIA(Know It All), ventilated seats, sm...Read More
I just got the chance to sit in one of my uncle's Kia Seltos and what can I say I was just trying to find any flaws but I couldn't. Everything is so perfect in this price bracket that you can't imagine this level of comfort and quality in a car, I just loved it. Read More
Good looking car and the ground clearance is sufficient as compared to other cars as it is very important for the driving experience.
Excellent car with good suspension and a great car for long drives. The mileage is ok for the city drive. You can buy this car with closed eyes.
It's a wonderful car. All features are good and you will feel like a plane. I am very satisfied with this car. It runs very smoothly without any bounces on off-roads. The driving experience is awesome. Read More
Kia Seltos is one of the good specific SUV in economic range of budget. It is a more functional car compared to other cars.
It's a great car with excellent features. Looks are also awesome. All accessories are comfortable and safe.
This car is very good. Fully loaded with all features and comfort. The space is excellent. This car looks like a high-level car. I referred to all to take the test drive and share your experience. The car is very safe and very solid. Read More
I think it the best SUV ever launched, value for money, attractive colors, full options and good mileage than other cars.
Very nice car, powerful engine, looks very stylish among all cars and its a new concept car.
Perfect car in this price range. Not a single car in this price range has ventilated seats. BOSE speakers are awesome too.
It is a car with a master body and a powerful engine The transmission is smooth and the parking position is super and tyres are super smooth and the seats are very good. It's not just a machine, it is the master of all machines and this is the first Kia car in India. One important thing is that the body design is fantastic and in night light visibi...Read More
For a car, at this price, it is definitely a good deal. Got the automatic 1.4-liter Petrol variant and let me tell you it's a charm to drive this beauty. The gear shift is ever so smooth and linear power delivery makes it good to ride. Read More
I like the design of this car, it is unique and the key factor is the quality and overall features they provide. The features they provide are the ones that you see only in those high budget cars. Read More
Best under in this segment. The handling is superb and features are top end. The exterior looks very impressive and the interior is also rich in class. I must prefer this car in the place of other cars under this range. The seats are best in class and luxurious. This is my first car and I am happy with it. Read More
I have Kia Seltos GTX Plus in red color. It has awesome looks, superb interiors, a good loud music system and ample space.
Its drive is very smooth and comfortable. The car gives very good mileage. It is best in all its rivals. Its price is best compared to other cars according to looks and features. It is among the best cars in this segment. It can be compared to other luxurious cars in India. The car is excellent for off-roading, city drives and long drives with the ...Read More
The front look (tiger-nose) is amazing. Riding quality is ok. The rear seat is comfortable and the connectivity is fine.
As Kia is new to India, it is taking time for sales but it is superb in performance with stunning design for Indian roads, wonderful interior and reliving mileage so its a perfect SUV. Read More
This Compact SUV is better than other cars. It is one of my favorite cars and a dream car. The car price is also affordable.
The things that are most fascinating and important:- 1. Performance - The Kia Seltos has a very enthusiastic approach to the driving experience. The GT line never lets you down at any cost. 2. Driving experience - Driving experience of the Kia Seltos is absolutely a segment above or two. I have driven as well as had a ride in Audi a4, Mercedes Be...Read More
One of the best SUV sub 20L to have been launched in 2019. The top of the range GT has got all the tech and gadgets you can expect in an international model. If you compare it to any other SUV in its class its got the most bang for the buck and KIA has so many varients the price starts from 11L. So people from different walks of life can afford to ...Read More
Really a great car that I want to buy. Especially Top-Spec GTI (DCT) version in which the performance of the engine is top-notch. The 10-inch Infosystem and 1.4 Litre turbocharged petrol engine with 140 BHP of power gives a performance of the luxury car and its features without spending 30 Lakhs go for it. Even DRL's design is looking phenomenal. Read More
Still, we have to see the Seltos performance but not bad and boot space is less and for less amount, the car gives more specification.
Feels like a luxury car. The car is awesome, they perform like a Kia. This car is best for a family.
Very bold and with style, offering nice pickup, comfortable and mileage is 14 kmpl. So good SUV. Its a family SUV, so its the best. 
Wonderful car, less price with more features. I liked it so much, it's a fantastic car for a family.
Good, excellent car. This car is the best, the drive is very smooth and sounds like a good beast.
Very good SUV and nice look, nice design. Weldone KIA Seltos, good price quote in India and nice marketing, love this car.
Top model, great look, good features, good interior & exterior design. A superb car with satisfaction & reasonable price. It is a small car for middle-class people as it is a low budget car. Read More
Fully feature loaded car, best car I have experienced with a different design in the SUV segment, it gives a tough performance to other SUV cars like hyundai Creta, Tata Harrier and MG Hector and the best feature I saw in this segment is the heads up display, four disc brakes and smart air purifier which provides different fragnances with settings ...Read More
It's one of the very nicest as well as macho looking car. It's built quality and interior quality is top-notch. Must say they maintained design language not only to the exterior its interior is nicely finished and attractive. I have Diesel HTX PLUS AT Variant and I am quite happy with my purchase. It's pick-up too is not letting you feel like you a...Read More
Kia Seltos is near perfect vehicle by many angles. Its design is fantastic, looks are fantastic, the features are fantastic, refinement is excellent, NVH levels are superb, ride quality is superb and easily comparable to other cars. The mileage is excellent and the seat comfort is super. Read More
It's a good car with more options, good interior and exterior. Value for money and driving experience is very good, handling is awesome, riding stability is nice and also it looks good. Performance-wise 1.5 Diesel AT is very nice and the three-mode driving experience is awesome. Read More
Kia Seltos is the best car of the decade because the car made a very good entry. It has a very good performance for the money than compared to other cars. The engine is very powerful in which we can feel the speed and enjoyment while driving. The shape of the looks like a monster coming through the road. It has a good interior structure we can't ge...Read More
Super SUV model, nice design part, exterior and interior is of best build quality. seating is good, provides a comfort zone.
The Kia motor company has launched its car in Indian premium SUV. The Seltos has a very good design, good looks and loaded with many features.
Look of car and interior is excellent. The Kia is best for five-seater car and had much more good experience than others.
I like this car. Super exterior and interior too. I like the look of the front and back. Rear lights are also awesome.
Its a nice car with smooth driving experience, standard looks, wonderful safety and excellent suspension.
It is a very luxurious car at a very less price. It is very comfortable and very easy to drive around the city and very effortless. Also, I travel a lot with it and it seems fun. The music system is also creative and has good bass to it so that we can drive the car with pleasure and joy. Read More
Kia Seltos Diesel is best in class. Cabin noise cancellation and no turbo lag at all, unlike other Diesel cars. Look wise it beats every other car in its segment, it is designed very carefully to give it a touch of premium luxury cars. Bose sound system works awesome and its icing on the cake. Read More
Kia Seltos is many steps ahead of tech comfort, styling, ride and handling. Though I think mileage could be a negative but who cares it's a great car. It's a premium mid SUV. Value for money is excellent. Features, comfort, space are excellent. The thing which I don't like is it does not have bold features like a panoramic sunroof and auto tailgate...Read More
This is a high tech car with internet facility and a nice interior and exterior design. This is a foreign company that came to India with a nice car at a minimum price with beautiful facilities and colors which are a great option to opt for. This is a high build company. Read More
Great car with excellent comfort and features. We can name it as a family car. I really liked the driving experience and UVO car connect feature. Even the car gives us great comfort on backseats. We even get telescopic steering and rear window sunshades which give it a luxury appearance. I loved it. Read More
This car is the best in the world and a bigger car in a small package. The best color is Red and Black. Kia Seltos, the name of this car is like superman or supercar. It is not a BMW SUV but it is not less than that. Read More
It is an excellent vehicle in comfort range to each and every one. It has wonderful comfort during driving and performance level is also very good.
This car is good and the top speed is 220 KMPH. The touchscreen music system is superb with the good instrument cluster.
Stylish and awesome SUV of 2019. The features are unbelievable. Only enjoy the drive when the car is connected.
Kia Seltos is the most powerful car and a very futuristic car. The price range is almost good, I love this car and my dream is to buy this car. The red and black color looks awesome. Read More
Now looking at this SUV car. It is a new generation car with a very smoothly designed interior. First looking at the interior of this car. This car has Tachometer, an Electronic trip meter which helps us to count distance we run or the distance from this place to this place which we are tripping. This car has leather seats also a leather steering t...Read More
The excellent car, I love this. It is a superior SUV and gives good mileage. It has a better engine which makes the car more comfortable.
Very good and luxurious car. I love its power and mileage is awesome and comfortable for long rides.
This car is selling like hotcakes because of the hype it has created. Looks and cabin quality are good but it does not have that wow factor. It doesn't have good ride quality when compared to other cars, it is not the better option. People are not buying other cars only because of the logo. Read More
It is nice for driving and music. It also gives nice mileage on highways and it is such a nice car in 9 lacs.
Look's are excellent. It is a future generation car which has a lot of features and it is a budget car.
This car is amazing with smooth steering. The seats are very comfortable. This car is very smart and it has airbags and all the other facilities. All cars are good but this car looks beautiful and different in looks. Read More
Great experience with Kia Seltos 1.5 Diesel HTK Plus. Value for money. Excellent pick-up with excellent pulling power, even in 3rd gear, will pick-up without acceleration. If anyone looking for SUV, just go for a long test drive then take decisions. I will only have the Kia Seltos. The features are also more. I drove the car non-stop for 450 KMS an...Read More
I drove this powerful car and it is comfortable. It has great performance on the highway with great pickup.
It's an amazing SUV and amazing product from Kia Motors. The only downside is the availability if you get one you will not regret it. Locking forward to get one.
There is a very pleasant feeling when you just look at the all-new Kia Seltos and the feeling just doubles up when you get in the car and start driving it. The car has enough power to give you thrills on Indian roads and has good mileage in comparison to its competitors. Its interior is packed with loads and loads of features and has good quality m...Read More
I love this car, actually I loved the features of the car. When we went to the showroom they nicely explained the features of the car. I did a bit of research about this car and I came to know that this car offers features as well as the comfort that I expected which my car would give. I especially love the looks of this car and this car looks spor...Read More
Nice car and had both driver and rear passenger comfort. If the budget is under 15 lakhs, then no doubt you can buy this beast.
Amazing looks and space. The drive is smooth at the max speed with comfortable seats.
First, its name catches everybody's attention and then the look is very much pretty and solid roar on road like a beast. The infotainment system is so good, have never seen this type of system in other cars which comes in it's rival and little costly then Kia Seltos. Amazing infotainment system with amazing interiors. The pick-up is so awesome and ...Read More
I am glad that I have this SUV. It is very good and comfortable, spacious also. It is extremely good and wonderful. When we are in the car and the engine is on but there is no sound in the cabin, it is smooth. I would prefer the manual variant because it gives the feel of speed. With the sunroof in the car, it makes it a premium car. Read More
Marvelous model available in good color with the airbags, power steering, comfortable seating, seats are so soft, chilled AC and ABS.
After the test drive of the manual petrol variant, I am not satisfied with the comfort and driving experience as it is very poor. The launch price is highly competitive with other best options like other brands. There is no comfort and space for the rear passengers. It's better to buy other cars. Read More
Kia Seltos is a great car and its engine is pretty powerful and I love its interior. I love the way how its back is designed and I love its taillights. Overall it is a great car and if you have an option then you definitely buy it. Love the way it looks. The only thing I see is that it is more or less a Hyundai Creta with a better design and Kia's ...Read More
The car looks super in the exterior and interior. The front LED grill and its headlight are super.
Getting into and out of the Seltos is easy and what is sure to impress is the sheer level of quality in the interior; material quality and fit-finish are up there with pricier European cars. The dashboard is neatly laid out and usefully places the infotainment system high up and in the driver?s line of sight. Top-spec Seltos? get slick 10.2-inch to...Read More
Nice car and having a 180 degree angle camera it has a nice ground clearance and having a great body and the best design it has been a new generation.it has a new and improved infotainment system its light is also great and DMR is so best it indicator is running such a nice car I suggest that this would be the best car. Read More
Classy exterior and interior and excellent ride and drive in turbo engine and night view through mood lighting is excellent.
Well talking about this car it's phenomenally awesome. It is the car of the future. The car everyone would always want Kia Seltos is truly a great piece of technology with all the requirements needed to the fullest, also the staff of Kia is so helping that it by far the best experience having such a great car. Read More
Nice but look is typical and the look of the interior is very nice The price is very high compared to other cars.
The car is exemplary, well worth the price as well. The quality of the interior and exterior is also stunning. The front looks like an Evoque. The only problem with looks is that the back is not so great. The turbo petrol variant is awesome. Read More
High-speed car with good pick-up, nice interior as well as exterior. I like this car very much. This car is so cool.
Kia Seltos is the best in its class. Very good looking. Its comfort level is also good. Great driving experience. Nice SUV for family purposes.
It is a beast in this segment. The features are so good and the power delivery is unbelievable. You feel like a luxury comfortable inside and there are no words for it.
The best choice, in this segment. Though you get the best features in the top model and HTX, I am 100% satisfied with this car.
A car is next thing to a cozy home because you tend to live, breathe, grow, eat, sleep in the car you choose and remember its not we who choose a car but its the car who chooses us to stay with us or part from us so Kia Seltos, owning this means great pride and with great pride comes greater confidence which turns out to portray in your drive. Read More
Best mileage SUV in euro 6 category, reasonable price with high end features best interior comfortable automatic transmission.
Great experience with Kia Seltos It's a great experience to drive Kia Seltos. Nice drive, good road-gripping, very luxurious interior, and tremendous exterior. I never get that thrill when I drove other cars before. The one and the only statement about it is the luxurious car in economic price. And mileage also good. So I suggest everyone have this...Read More
Seltos is one of the best cars I had seen till now no doubt it has a good sale for this car in India because it is worth. It has one of the most premium seating.
The best car in its segment, this time It is the most advance feature-rich car, GT version is awesome its pickup and the initial response is very good. 
This car is very nice and good, you ever see this car, Kia Seltos is very good value of money.
Seltos is the best car in this segment and a segment above! There is no competition between this and other cars it is competing with luxury segments with features like that. Read More
The best car now in the market, I drive this car I feel comfortable when I am driving more space sports car.
Nice car, all advanced features, very comfortable, and easy to drive. Enjoy your time with your family and friends.
The engine power is not much good as expected and dissatisfied with mileage as it is showing very high on paper but that is not the reality after when you buy.
Kia Seltos is the best car in the market at that price segment and even in the SUV segment. I own one Kia Seltos .its really face turning. Kia Seltos really a beautiful car and it is just an awesome car. Kia Seltos is best in black colour in DCT petrol. Every feature of the market is captured in this car KIA Seltos almost every feature. If u thinki...Read More
It's a great experience to drive Kia Altos. Nice drive, good road-gripping, very luxurious interior, and tremendous exterior. I never get that thrill when I drove other cars before. The one and the only statement about it is the luxurious car in economic price. And mileage also good. So I suggest everyone have this car. Read More
The journey of KIA motors - Seltos has been exceptional so far, it competes very nicely with Brezza at its segment. One of the great things of this car has been the roof, it is very pleasing to have a view of the outside when the see-through glasses is almost edged to edge. Build quality has also been pretty solid. It suits well for Indian roads - ...Read More
The Seltos is an awesome car, the car hols great interiors and works fine. The features are also first in class.
Seltos is the best car and is a feature-loaded car and has a bs6 compiled engine. No One can compete with Seltos in this segment with this attractive price.
We have purchased the new KIA Seltos. We have purchased the HTX version. This car is amazing. The touchscreen is so big that its like a tablet. Its style is very cool too.  Read More
Amazing car! Superb driveability, amazing handling, not so great mileage, When I first sat in the car it felt like a luxury car, way above its segment, and honestly, it delivers to my expectations. Read More
KIA Seltos is very nice and comfortable for everyone, mileage is extremely good and seat capacity is also comfortable.
Seltos is an amazing car and is worth buying. Its amazing performance is giving the best competition to Creta and Ecosport.
Kia Seltos is an awesome car and a perfect MUV loaded with features. Worth buying and perfect for the highway purpose. The commute family car, its power, and the audio system from BOSE are totally amazing. Read More
The Hector is too much good I can say nothing but in a few words, I can say that the car speed is very good and the pickup is like Audi or a racecar. I wish everyone to buy this car and the features are also good so please buy this car the features of this car are also like Bugatti but this car price is very low much efficient like Audi or BMW. Read More
My friend just bought one last week and its hell of a car. It looks smashing on the outside-inside, its elegant and somewhat sporty too but the list of features on this car just goes on. It has a sunroof, Bose audio even an air purifier, I mean tell me one another car under 30 even 40 lacs to offer that and on the top trim there is the light strip ...Read More
Best SUV in the current market. Top class design and and high performance. Better than other cars.
It is a real car in the whole automobile industry. I not only like it but prefer to love the design. It is more premium with new features which often seem to be in more expensive German cars. Whatever the car pros and cons are but I look more about its pros. At last but not least, I am having a great smile on my face after having it in my garage. Read More
It is an excellent car for sitting and view. Also comfortable for long-height people and so many features are included in the car.
Smooth steering and awesome sheets in the front. I feel like this is the only love of my life. Powerful engine gives a extra speed. A tough and smart SUV.
It is a very fabulous car. The features are very excellent and it has good safety features, convenience, comfort and luxury.
Best in inside entertainment with the latest features and pocket-friendly price. Perfect SUV designed for people.
It is a good compact SUV with good mileage, fantastic interiors, front seats are ventilated, Bose speakers and led headlight.
Ye car gajab lagti hai. Jab pehli baar dekhi to aisa man kia ke le lu. Or night mai to iski headlight ke uper ki DRL or bhi jyada achi lagti hai. Size itna bada nahi hai or na hi chota hai or agar wheels ki baat kare to style sabse alag hai matlab aisa design hai jo time beetne ke baad bhi old nahi dikhega. Read More
The Car looks perfect from all the angles. Drives brilliantly. The petrol engine is a hoot to drive and the DCT (Dual Clutch Transmission) gearbox is just the icing on the cake. The car provides best in class features and also some of the first in the segment as well. The bose sound system works like magic. All led headlamps and the gt line spec gi...Read More
Nice car in the segment but its better to increase their power. It has a lag like it is getting on fewer mileage vehicles. And if I talk about the interior it's awesome, the music system is awesome and the design of the car seems to be a foreign car and it looks stunning, the seats of the car are very comfortable and the sunroof is pretty good, the...Read More
The car is undoubtedly the best in the SUV segment. I have driven Creta & MG Hector both when I wanted to buy an SUV. Kia Seltos is far ahead of Creta and marginally ahead of MG Hector. People had no option and they had to go for Creta (Majburi). People who own Creta very well know that Kia Seltos is far ahead of them. I think Kia Seltos gives the ...Read More
Very nice car, latest features, good looking car, sound quality awesome, very good braking system and automatic features available, led lights and alloy wheel are very nice. Read More
Best look and very powerful engine. It is heavy and steering is very smooth. The brakes and clutch are very soft. World's 1st smart pure air purifier. Bose premium sound system with its speakers. The engine is very refined with 138 BHP. Tiger nose grill. Those looking for a sporty drive will find a good match in the 140 HP and 1.4 turbo petrol engi...Read More
Technology loaded, the best car and driving is too smooth, the automatic version is also better, it is one of the most preferable car in this segment.
This car looks like a beast, the headlamps are exquisite, the interior seems pretty amazing, the alloy wheels have a unique design.
Excellent car features, comfortable seats, overall the car looks amazing, features wise the car is so pretty and comfortable. 
Kia Seltos performance is great on all roads. It looks very stunning. Good interior with many options and variants. 
This car is very good, it is so beautiful and the car is priced low but the quality of the material used in the car is very good.
